WIP: Experiment with language around Consul's connect subsystem (#12486)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/commands/connect/expose.mdx

```text
Usage: consul connect expose [options]

>   Exposes a service in the service meshthrough the given ingress gateway,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Exposes a service in the service mesh through the given ingress gateway,
```
